{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 BG Notes:\
\
\'93alley.jpg\'94: This will be at night during the REDD War. Smoke/a fire coming out of one of the skyscrapers would be a good detail, but not required.\
\
\'93basement.jpg\'94: You don\'92t have to keep that mural on the wall. You can either leave it blank or add something of your own design on there.\
\
\'93dakotaroom2.jpg\'94: Will need nighttime variant (lights on)\
\
\'93livestage2.jpg\'94: Will need variant where curtain is open. If possible to merge \'93stage.jpg\'94 onto it, please go for it. Will also need variant where the stage is on fire.\
\
\'93livingroom2.jpg\'94: Will need nighttime variant (lights on)\
\
\'93lobby.jpg\'94: Will be set during the night (lights on)\
\
\'93showstage.jpg\'94: Set of the TV show. Not sure how difficult it could be to add some \'91fitting\'92 props and set pieces to make it look more like some sort of house or circus tent. A fireplace and chimney is mentioned in-scene. If this image can\'92t work, see if you can find one that can for you.\
\
\'93stage.jpg\'94: Will need variant where it is on fire.\
\
\'93theaterexterior.jpg\'94: Change the name of the show being displayed to \'93Mr. Sprinkles Live Show, March 31st, 7:00 pm\'94. Can be arranged in any way that looks fitting. Will also need variant where it\'92s completely dark/night in the sky. While the image itself is royalty-free, it might also be of best interest to change the name of the theater, itself. Not currently sure to what.}